Issues/112 (#113)
trulysimple/tsargp: packages/docs/pages/docs/library/parser.mdx

### Completion index

The `compIndex` property is the cursor position in a command line for which the user pressed `Tab`.

> When invoking the parsing methods with a raw command line, and this flag is set, the parser knows

Author: ```suggestion
When invoking the parsing methods with a raw command line, and this flag is set, the parser will know
```

> specification (a compspec) has been defined using the `complete` builtin (see Programmable
> Completion Builtins), the programmable completion facilities are invoked.

> The parser does not use the completion facilities, because it relies on the command line and the

Author: ```suggestion
The parser does not use the completion facilities, because it relies on the raw command line and the
```
